Not ICMP version 6 also includes neighbor discovery protocol messages and the two of interest here are
rodders solicitation ORUs and Rodda advertisement or a so Rodda solicitation message is sent to all
IP version 6 rodders.
In other words if a zero or to cold on Colan t rodders on the local segment we'll be subscribed to that
multicast address and they will reply back with Rodda advertisements.
So run advertisements are sent by Rawdon's and include information such as the link local IP version
6 address of the router and the local segment round as advertised themselves using multicast address
FFM 0 to Colon colon one which is all devices on the local segment.
Just as an example will boot up and send a message to F-0 to Colon colon to to ask all Rodders to identify
themselves.
The rodders will then reply back with a link a local address Rawdon's.
Also send unsolicited Rodda advertisement messages.
So on a periodic basis they will advertise the details on the IP version 6 link and they send that again
to F-F 0 2 Kahlon column 1.
Now by leveraging maybe discovery protocol erotic solicitation and erotic advertisement messages hostes
can discover which subnet they belong to.
So Rondo's by using slack can advertise the local Prefect's and linked to hosts on the local segment.
So let's have a look at that.
Practically.